Links: .NET Desktop - framework\wpf (#109)
dotnet/docs-desktop: dotnet-desktop-guide/framework/wpf/graphics-multimedia/index.md

![Screenshot of a sample showing 3D shapes with different textures.](./media/index/visual-three-dimensional-shape.png)

> For more information, see [3D Graphics Overview](3-d-graphics-overview.md). For an introductory sample, see [3D Solids Sample](/samples/browse/).

Reviewer: Fix sample
```suggestion
For more information, see [3D Graphics Overview](3-d-graphics-overview.md). For an introductory sample, see [3D Solids Sample](https://github.com/microsoft/WPF-Samples/tree/master/Animation/AnimationExamples).
```
